you should have noticed a red leading
edge bearing the RCA Columbia Pictures
logo on the cassette you're now watching
if you didn't have a quick look now
before the film starts you see this
unique packaging is our guarantee of
quality it means you will see a top
quality film on top quality tape end it
means this copy will have been taken
straight off a master tape
so whatever film you watch the picture
you see will be sharp and the sound you
hear will always be clear if your
cassette is VHS format it should look
like this with a red leading edge
bearing the RCA Columbia Pictures logo
and the logo also engraved on the
cassette window if your cassette is beta
format it should look like this with a
red leading edge bearing the RCA
Columbia Pictures logo and the logo
printed in red on the reel spring
visible through the window if this video
cassette is not like this then we'd like
to hear about it so call us on whoa one
six three six eight three seven three
right now because if it isn't red it
isn't real
Robin Williams is Vladimir Ivanoff he
made a fairly normal life in Moscow he
earned a good living with the Moscow
service he had friends and he had his
hopes and his dreams then the circuits
went to New York Ward that and on the
last day of their tour something
happened here beloved family America is
strange and wonderful I'm leaving with a
nice family thanks to my Cuban lawyer
you have a friend in the land of Amir
don't have to think you have a baby I
already have with helping me become more
American come back next New York is very
exciting and everyone here is free
sometimes to fish but I think I'm
finally adjusting to my new life
everybody somewhere else
it's the Bears for me love like a nice
he's in curable she's incredible she's
irresistible
she's Rosita night-night one look from
our big hazel eyes and puppies quicken
one smile from a cherry red lips and one
touch from us shooting at an
temperatures right everything you always
wanted to know about Rosie except night
they have never ever been a bedside
manner like
it's never ever been a nurse like Rosie
my husband has lost a baby the way is
very very big
she's got our very own special brand of
feet and she'll give it to you neat
good-looking yes whatever your iover
rosie has the cure no dduk nightmare